docs(angular): moving from protractor to cypress (#3962)
nrwl/nx: docs/angular/guides/modern-angular/protractor-to-cypress.md

# Migrating from Protractor to Cypress

> Nx helps configure your e2e tests for you. You can choose Protractor as an option, but the default is Cypress. If you have an existing set of e2e tests using Protractor and would like to switch to using Cypress, you can follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nx helps configure your e2e tests for you. When running the Nx schematic to create a new app, you can choose Protractor as an option, but the default is Cypress. If you have an existing set of e2e tests using Protractor and would like to switch to using Cypress, you can follow these steps.
```

Let's say your existing app is named `my-awesome-app` and the e2e Protractor tests are located in `my-awesome-app-e2e`.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe as a step 0 or a note to make a git commit - or start on a fresh branch - before doing these steps

1. Create a throw away app named `delete-this-app` using `Cypress` for the e2e setting.
   ```bash
   nx g @nrwl/angular:application --name=delete-this-app --e2eTestRunner=cypress
   ```
2. Rename `apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/src` to `apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/src-protractor`
   ```bash
   mv apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/src apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/src-protractor
   ```
3. Move the contents of `apps/delete-this-app-e2e` to `apps/my-awesome-app-e2e`
   ```bash
   mv apps/delete-this-app-e2e/* apps/my-awesome-app-e2e
   ```
4. In the `angular.json` (or `workspace.json`) file copy the `e2e` target configuration for `delete-this-app-e2e` and use that to replace the `e2e` target configuration for `my-awesome-app-e2e`. In the new configuration section, replace any instance of `delete-this-app` with `my-awesome-app`.
5. Delete `delete-this-app` and `delete-this-app-e2e`
   ```bash
   nx g rm delete-this-app-e2e
   nx g rm delete-this-app
   ```
6. Edit `apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/cypress.json` and replace any instance of `delete-this-app` with `my-awesome-app`.
7. Delete `apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/protractor.conf.js`
   ```bash
   rm apps/my-awesome-app-e2e/protractor.conf.js
   ```

> 8. Migrate your Protractor `*.po.ts` files to Cypress page objects files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Migrate your `*.po.ts` files to use the Cypress API as opposed to the Protractor API.
```
